Snaps documentation (#331)
MetaMask/metamask-docs: docs/guide/rpc-api.md

- [`eth_sendTransaction`](https://eth.wiki/json-rpc/API#eth_sendtransaction)
- [`eth_sign`](https://eth.wiki/json-rpc/API#eth_sign)

## Restricted Methods

MetaMask introduced Web3 Wallet Permissions via [EIP-2255](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-2255).

> In this permissions system, MetaMask is the _host_ environment, and all of its RPC methods are either _restricted_ or _unrestricted_.

Reviewer: I extracted these changes to https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-docs/pull/348

I left out the part about MetaMask being the "host" and callers being "subjects" though. In this context those terms are confusing, since they aren't fully explained and are never used again.

I also removed the link to the implementation altogether rather than updating it.

If a method is restricted, an external _subject_ (like a web3 site) must have the corresponding permission in order to call it.

> Unrestricted methods, meanwhile, do not require permissions to call, but may require confirmation by the user in order to succeed (e.g. `eth_sendTransaction`).

Reviewer: `eth_sendTransaction` is not a great example of this because it's a restricted method. It requires `eth_accounts`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unrestricted methods, meanwhile, do not require permissions to call, but may require confirmation by the user in order to succeed (e.g. `wallet_addEthereumChain`).
```

Reviewer: Addressed in https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-docs/pull/342
